dx-1124 added description on Payer Aware in Payment Menu other features (#598)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-other-features.md

}
```

{% if include.documentation_section == "payment-menu" %}

> ## Payer Aware PaymentMenu
> 
> If you want to let your consumers have the best possible experience, you should
> implement the Payer Aware PaymentMenu. To do so you will need to identify each 
> consumer with a unique identifier. It is important that you enforce a good 
> SCA strategy. The consumer identifier must then be sent with the creation of the
> payment to SwedbankPay. This will enable SwedbankPay to render an unique payment 
> menu experience for each consumer. It will also help the possibility to get a 
> frictionless purchase.
> 
> You can also let your consumers be able to store payment information for later 
> easy payments. To enable this feature you will need to set the 
> `generatePaymentToken` value to `true`. This will enable the SwedbankPay payment 
> menu to show stored payment details for this consumer when they later do 
> purchases and chose to store this information. The default is to ask the 
> consumer if they want to store their payment details, so even if you told 
> SwedbankPay to `generatePaymentToken` it is up to the consumer if they want to 
> do this.
> 
> There can be times where you want to enforce your consumers to generate a 
> `paymentToken`. To enforce this you will need to set
> `disableStoredPaymentDetails` to `true`. This will turn off all stored payment 
> details for this purchase. The consumer will also not be asked if they want to 
> store the payment detail that will be part of the purchase. When you use this 
> feature it is important that you in advance have asked the consumer if it is ok 
> to store their payment details for later use.
> 
> Most often you will use the `disableStoredPaymentDetails` when you combine this 
> feature with the Instrument Mode capability. If you build your own menu and want
> to show stored payment details in your own menu you will need to set the 
> `disableStoredPaymentDetails` to `true`. It is important that you then store 
> the `paymentToken` in your system or call SwedbankPay with the `payerReference`
> to get all active `paymentToken` registered on that consumer when building your
> menu.
> 
> Not all payment instruments provided by SwedbankPay support Payer Awareness 
> today. So only the supported instruments will support this features.
> 
> Remember that you will have the responsibility to enforce GDPR requirements and 
> let the consumer remove active paymentTokens when they want. It is up to you how
> to implement this functionality on your site but SwedbankPay will have the 
> API needed for you to ensure that cleaning up old data is easy. It is possible 
> to query for all active PaymentTokens registered on a specific `payerReference`.
> Then you can either remove all tokens on that consumer or only a subset of all tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Payer Aware Payment Menu

To maximize the experience of your consumers, you should implement the Payer
Aware Payment Menu by identifying each payer with a unique identifier. It is
important that you enforce a good SCA (Strong Consumer Authentication) strategy
when authenticating the consumer. The consumer identifier must then be sent with
the creation of the payment order to Swedbank Pay. This will enable Swedbank Pay
to render a unique payment menu experience for each consumer. It will also
increase the chance for a frictionless payment.

By identifying your payers, they are be able to store payment information for
future payments by setting `generatePaymentToken` value to `true`. This will
enable the Swedbank Pay Payment Menu to show stored payment instrument details
for future purchases. The default is to ask the consumer if they want to store
their payment details, so even with `generatePaymentToken` set to `true`, it is
in the end up to the consumer if they their payment instrument details stored or
not.

{% include alert.html type="informative" icon="info" body="Please note that not
all payment instruments provided by Swedbank Pay support Payer Awareness today."
%}

### BYO Payment Menu

Payment Menu is versatile and can be configured in such a way that it functions
like a single payment instrument. In such configuration, it is easy to Bring
Your Own Payment Menu, i.e. building a customized payment menu in our own user
interface.

#### Add Stored Payment Instrument Details

When building a custom payment menu, features like adding new stored payment
instrument details (i.e. "Add new card") is something that needs to be provided
in your UI.

This can be achieved by forcing the creation of a `paymentToken` by setting
`disableStoredPaymentDetails` to `true` in a Purchase payment (if you want
to withdraw money and create the token in the same operation), or by performing
a [Verify payment](#verify-payments) (without withdrawing any money).

Setting `disableStoredPaymentDetails` to `true` will turn off all stored payment
details for the current purchase. The consumer will also not be asked if they
want to store the payment detail that will be part of the purchase. When you use
this feature it is important that you in advance have asked the consumer if it
is ok to store their payment details for later use.

Most often you will use the `disableStoredPaymentDetails` when you combine this
feature with the [Instrument Mode](#instrument-mode) capability. If you build
your own menu and want to show stored payment details, you will need to set the
`disableStoredPaymentDetails` to `true`. It is important that you then store the
`paymentToken` in your system or call Swedbank Pay with the `payerReference` to
get all active payment tokens registered on that consumer when building your
menu.

### GDPR

Remember that you will have the responsibility to enforce GDPR requirements and
let the consumer remove active payment tokens when they want. It is up to you
how to implement this functionality on your side but Swedbank Pay will have the
API needed for you to ensure that cleaning up old data is easy. It is possible
to query for all active payment tokens registered on a specific
`payerReference`. Then you can either remove all tokens for that consumer or
only a subset of all tokens.
```
